---
layout: post
title:  "It's on!"
date:   16-03-2014 13:15
author: tarjei
---

The cinema season has now officially started, the movie club has shown it's first movie of the
season (ever?), and more are in the planning. The board will get together to hammer out the program
for the season, or maybe only on a month-by-month basis, this remains to be seen. If you have any
suggestions to movies, we want to here from you!

A little note about what we want to be. The movie club is intended to expose people to good movies
they wouldn't normally come across. We do not intend to compete with cinemas and show mainstream
stuff, we're looking for the gems that slip under the huge media radar, or older stuff that "kids"
these days haven't heard of. The intention is that regular participation in the movie club will
be part of your cultural education, exposing you to classics, must-sees from a couple of decades
back, and also try to provide some context for each movie; why are we watching this? Is it because
of the surroundings of it's creation? Was it, like &laquo;**Blair Witch Project**&raquo; or
&laquo;**Primer**&raquo;, made on a really small budget? Did it capture the theme of the period it
was made? Is it a lesser known brain child of a director famous for other things? We want to give
you a couple of these hooks to put each movie on, maybe some funny trivia or backstories you
haven't heard, a little extra layer in addition to just watching movies.

Sounds interesting? Cool! Come drop by next Friday, we'll be screening the naval action drama
&laquo;**Master and Commander**&raquo; from 2007.
